<style type="text/css">
#pagewrapper{background:none;}
</style>
<div class="page-content">
	<h2>PRESS RELEASE 15th September 2011</h2>

	<h3>Free Gaelic lessons for all schools: new initiative reunites Scottish children with their heritage</h3>

	<div class="tutorial" style="overflow:auto;">
		<p>Free Gaelic lessons for all schools: new initiative reunites Scottish children with their heritage</p>

		<p>The online language tool, Languagenut, has today announced that it will make Gaelic lessons available to every primary school in Scotland, free of charge!  The initiative, is set to launch later this month at the Scottish learning Festival which focuses on education and learning thoughout the whole of Scotland.</p>

		<p>This initiative, will provide every child in Scottish education with the provision to learn their native Celtic language free of charge for the next three years.</p>

		<p>Founded in 2009 by a former teacher, Languagenut is the world's fastest growing children's online language tool. The addition of Gaelic now boosts the Company's language portfolio to 13. The programme aims to enhance foreign language learning through its interactive, web-based curriculum and has already seen over 2 million new users sign up since launch.</p>

		<p>Created as a remedy to widespread complaint that the teaching and learning of school languages can be monotonous and overwhelming, Languagenut is designed to be both child-friendly and accessible. Already widely used in institutions around the world, the unique aspects of the programme include simple monitoring and assessment, combined with personal feedback.</p>

		<p>Jamie Fries, Founder and CEO of Languagenut, commented on the initiative:  "This is an exciting time for Languagenut and for the children and teachers of Scotland. We're driven to make the learning of languages a fun and enjoyable experience for children around the world."</p>

		<p>Bòrd na Gàidhlig Head of Education and Learning, Mary Macmillan said: "We welcome the release of this resource in Gaelic. Bòrd na Gàidhlig strongly supports all learning media that can be easily accessed by children and that also supports Gaelic Education. We wish Languagenut very well with the site and look forward to the continued expansion of their Gaelic content."</p>
	</div>

	<div class="tutorial" style="overflow:auto;">

	</div>
</div>